Well here we are again, it's been a lot longer than I thought it would be between posts here, but dead laptops and new jobs have a way of taking longer than you thought they might - especially when you live in the middle of "nowhere". I would argue that Gustavus is really in the middle of it ALL, for what it's worth, it's just not economically productive enough to be seen that way by most. Fine, I'll take it that way, there's more to life and the world than economic productivity.

I've now migrated from running a linux distro and the bash shell to a windows install and the powershell. It's a little weird to be less comfortable on windows than linux after having spent so many years slowly learning my way around the terminal and installing packages via apt, feeling like I was never going to be comfortable with Linux. Now it's almost like as soon as I got into the swing of it, my linux computer dies on me and I'm back to windows. Which I guess is good. it's been almost a decade and a lot has changed, good to keep up with it.

Life here in Gustavus this summer so far has been remarkably typical considering that the lower 48 is in the throes of a record breaking heat wave and we're just coming out of a pandemic. I'm consistently impressed at the capacity of humans to get comfortable with whatever they have to deal with. The new paradigm becomes 'normal' far quicker than you might think, and in spite of all the strife being pitched on news outlets as click bait, people have been patient and nice and friendly, understanding even.

We've had our paths cross a few times with a local brown bear who's been living on the local nature trail, I think he's one of the cubs that was in their second year with their mom and would come play in the yard last summer. Both Rachel and I get nervous at seeing teenage brown bears roaming through town. He doesn't seem to be trying to find his way into trouble, so we're hopeful that he can find his place in our little town and we won't hear about him getting shot by one of the neighbors because he was trying to get at their chickens or something. In that context it's notable that we place unreasonably high expectations of self restraint on our neighborhood brown bears, and that the ones who meet them aught to be treated as nearly exalted beings, for managing such fine behavior in a world where humans can't seem to muster enough restraint to even keep the planet habitable.
